# Project 0. Guess a number

## Contents
  [1. Description](https://github.com/yurasicus/sfds/tree/main/Project%200#description)            
  [2. Case we are solving here](https://github.com/yurasicus/sfds/tree/main/Project%200#case-we-are-solving-here)             
  [3. Data used](https://github.com/yurasicus/sfds/tree/main/Project%200#3-data-used)             
  [4. History](https://github.com/yurasicus/sfds/tree/main/Project%200#4-history)             
  [5. Results](https://github.com/yurasicus/sfds/tree/main/Project%200#5-results)             
  [6. Findings](https://github.com/yurasicus/sfds/tree/main/Project%200#6-findings)             

### Description
Guess a number

### Case we are solving here
|file|description|
|-|-|
|game.py|computer proposes a number, user guesses|
|game_v2.py|computer proposes and test random-guess method|
|game_v3.py|computer proposes and test smart-guess method - in less than 20 attempts|
|game.ipynb|testing guessing-functions|

#### **game.py**
Computer randomly proposes a number from 1 to 100. You should guess that number by trying - entering your number until match. If you enter wrong number - computer says "less" or "greater", guiding you to correct number.

#### **game_v2.py, game.ipynb**
Here computer proposes a number too. But you pass your guessing-function to test it perfomance.
Call function ```score_game``` with your function name. It makes 1000 runs to estimate average guess count that leads to win.

#### **game_v3.py, game.ipynb**
Computer proposes a number.
Now passing more smart function to guess - using two pointers approach to find proposed number in less
than 20 attempts.

### 3. Data used
We don't use any external or ready data here. Numbers are generated by built-in python functions.

### 4. History
Added very simple game variant.
Added a function (score_game) that tests solver-function you pass in it. For example you can pass there random_solver ```score_game(random_predict)```
Added some description to *Project 0* and *repository* to help understand and realize what is it.
Added smart approach that takes into account the ralation between proposed number and trial-number. If trial is bigger, then next trial will be less, and vise versa.

### 5. Results
Average random attempts count is 100.
Average smart attempts count is 6.

### 6. Findings
Created my first repository on GitHub using VSCode. Created token. Tested pull, push, commit comments.
Learned how to use Markdown language to make simple and nice notes and project description.
Found some buggy in VScode when running *.py from *.ipynb - ipynb doesn't see changes made in *.py until close all files and re-open project.